# lgbtq_regression
Here is my project that I did on LGBTQ+ regression in the world. I was doing another story on anti-transgender legislation over the years in the United States, but I ended up noticing that this is a global trend that has been happening for quite some time now. However, a big difference is that the United States has really focused on on anti-LGBTQ+ legislation since Trump's inauguration, writing the most bills so far aimed at the LGBTQ+ community. It's way bigger than just anti-transgender ideology, too. I found the Equaldex, an amazing data collection website on laws across the world that affect LGBTQ+ communities, whether good or bad. I noticed that this regression in lgbtq+ rights across the country was actually happening across the world, and has been. However, some countries are still focused on prioritizing the rights of LGBTQ+ individuals, such as Australia, which is still actively passing pro-bills. We don't know what the end goal of this type of legislation bomboardment that this United States administration has embarked on. But we can see clearly in this small data sest that they are currently regressing laws that were already put in place years ago. I scraped the Equaldex's 2025 bill changes, and, even one of the United States laws was already undone during the first 4 months of the year (Trump's transgender military ban initiative). I then had to clean up the data set a lot because the scraper wasn't the best at separating the information. But I think this information is so important as we kind of see U.S. legislation changes as an 'our country' thing. It's way bigger, however. It seems to be some sort of world shift from just a few years prior. I then spoke with an LGBTQ+ legislation expert in Australia on the topic and he told me that it seems like conservatives have other priorities as of right now. I really enjoy doing projects like this. You can check out the story here: https://amethystmart.github.io/my_site/lgbtq.html  

Thanks for reading!
